README.md, before:


## Hello!

Welcome to my GitHub profile.
I'm Thiago Barbosa, a software engineer from Brazil living in **Stockholm, Sweden**.


### Current work
I'm the co-founder of **Acamp**, a startup that helps people to find and book campsites in Europe.
I work as the CTO and I'm responsible for leading our engineering and product teams.
You can check our website at [acamp.com](https://www.acamp.com)
or download our app for [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/acamp/id1523868447)
or [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.acamp&hl=en&gl=US).

You can see my previous experiences on my [LinkedIn profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/t-barbosa/).

___

### Personal projects
- #### [Brazilians Who Code](https://github.com/thiagobarbosa/brazilianswhocode)
A website that lists Brazilian developers around the world.


- #### [Meme Tab](https://github.com/thiagobarbosa/MemeTab)
A Chrome extension that shows a random meme from Reddit every time you open a new tab.

___

### Technologies
I'm currently working with the following technologies:
- Kotlin
- SpringFramework (mainly Spring Boot)
- React and Next.js
- MySQL
- GraphQL
- Google Cloud Platform (mainly Kubernetes and the whole stack used at Acamp)

I sometimes make some contributions to Acamp's iOS and Android apps, which are written in Swift and Kotlin, respectively.
___

### Github stats
[![Thiago's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-ten-theta-48.vercel.app/api?username=thiagobarbosa&theme=city_lights&hide=stars)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![Thiago's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-ten-theta-48.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=thiagobarbosa&layout=compact&theme=city_lights&hide=scss)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

___

### Contact
You can reach me at [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/t-barbosa/) or [Twitter](https://twitter.com/tsouza_barbosa).

Commit message:

Adding Github Issues on Tasks

README.md, after:


## Hello!

Welcome to my GitHub profile.
I'm Thiago Barbosa, a software engineer from Brazil living in **Stockholm, Sweden**.


### Current work
I'm the co-founder of **Acamp**, a startup that helps people to find and book campsites in Europe.
I work as the CTO and I'm responsible for leading our engineering and product teams.
You can check our website at [acamp.com](https://www.acamp.com)
or download our app for [iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/acamp/id1523868447)
or [Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.acamp&hl=en&gl=US).

You can see my previous experiences on my [LinkedIn profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/t-barbosa/).

___

### Technologies
I'm currently working with the following technologies:
- Kotlin
- SpringFramework (mainly Spring Boot)
- React and Next.js
- MySQL
- GraphQL
- Google Cloud Platform (mainly Kubernetes and the whole stack used at Acamp)

I sometimes make some contributions to Acamp's iOS and Android apps, which are written in Swift and Kotlin, respectively.

___


### Personal projects
- #### [Brazilians Who Code](https://github.com/thiagobarbosa/brazilianswhocode)
A website that lists Brazilian developers around the world.

- #### [Github Issues on Google Tasks](https://github.com/thiagobarbosa/github-issues-on-google-tasks)
A Google Script that syncronizes your Github Issues into Google Tasks.

- #### [Meme Tab](https://github.com/thiagobarbosa/MemeTab)
A Chrome extension that shows a random meme from Reddit every time you open a new tab.

___

### Github stats
[![Thiago's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-ten-theta-48.vercel.app/api?username=thiagobarbosa&theme=city_lights&hide=stars)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
[![Thiago's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-ten-theta-48.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=thiagobarbosa&layout=compact&theme=city_lights&hide=scss)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

___

### Contact
You can reach me at [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/t-barbosa/) or [Twitter](https://twitter.com/tsouza_barbosa).
